Practical 1: RPA Basics: Sequences and Flowcharts
a. Create a simple sequence-based project.
b. Create a flowchart-based project.
c. Automate UiPath Number Calculation (Subtraction, Multiplication, Division of numbers).
d. Create an automation UiPath project using different types of variables (number, datetime, Boolean, generic, array, data table)


Practical 2: Decision making and looping
a. Consider an array of names. We have to find out how many of them start with the
letter "a". Create an automation where the number of names starting with "a" is.
counted and the result is displayed.
b. Demonstrate switch statement with an example.
c. Create an automation To Print numbers from 1 to 10 with break after the writeline
activity inside for each activity
d. Create an automation using Do .. While Activity to print numbers from 5 to 1
e. Create an automation using Delay Activity between two writeline activities to
separate their execution by 5 seconds
f. Create an automation to demonstrate use of decision statements (if)


Practical 3: Types of Recording
a. Basic Recording using Toolbar
b. Basic Recording using Notepad
c. Desktop Recording using Tool bar
d. Desktop Recording by creating a workflow
e. Web Recording e.g. Find the rating of the movie from imdb web site
f. Web Recording manually


Practical 4: Excel Automation
a. Automate the process to extract data from an excel file into a data table and vice versa
b. Create an automation To Write data to specific cell of an excel sheet.
c. Create an automation To Read data to specific cell of an excel sheet.
d. Create an automation To append data to specific cell of an excel sheet.
e. Create an automation To sort a table of an excel sheet.
f. Create an automation To filter a table of an excel sheet


Practical 5: Different controls in UiPath
a. Implement the attach window activity.
b. Automate using Anchor Base.
c. Automate using Element Exists.
d. Automate using Find Children control.
e. Use Get Ancestor control
f. Use Find Relative control


Practical 6: Keyboard and Mouse Events
a. Demonstrate the following activities in UiPath:
     i. Mouse (click, double click and hover)
    ii. Type into
   iii. Type Secure text
b. Demonstrate the following events in UiPath:
     i. Element triggering event
    ii. Image triggering event
   iii. System Triggering Event
c. Automate the process of launching an assistant bot on a keyboard event.


Practical 7: Screen Scraping and Web Scraping methods
a. Automate the following screen scraping methods using UiPath:
       i) Full Text
b.    ii) Native
c.   iii) OCR
d. Demonstrate Data Scraping and display values in Message box.
e. Demonstrate Screen Scraping for a pdf, web page and image file.


Practical 8: PDF Automation and Exception Handling
a. Read PDF With OCR
b. Merge PDF's into one
c. Get PDF Total Page count Using Regex
d. Demonstrate Exception Handling using UiPath


Practical 9: Email Automation
a. Configure Email using UiPath
b. Read Emails
c. Send Email with Attachment
d. Save Email Attachments
e. Reply to Email


Practical 10: Orchestrator management and mini project
a. Deploy bots to Orchestrator
b. Run jobs from Orchestrator
c. Queue Introduction:
    i. Add items to Queue.
   ii. Get Queue item from Orchestrator
d. Build UiPath Chatbot using Google dialogflow


